thanks for on the pride of America in
the deluxe owner's suite 1200 6 and this
is the only room in this category so
we're walking into the foyer you have
your baby grand piano the living area
living room
in your dining room you can sit and have
your Butler bring in dinner
and there's the bedroom
you actually have you can entertain and
have friends and guests come over nice
little bar and the nice thing about it
is you can actually have your butler
come in from the outside you have a
little kitchenette area kind of here
where you can make some cappuccinos and
you have your fridge they're still gonna
stock it for us and then you have the
door here to the side that actually goes
out to the outside so your Butler can
come in and serve you dinner
okay let's go into the bedroom
nice king-size bed
you know walk-in closet to the right
TV
and on this side little desk where you
could work they give you a laptop so if
you need to do in a internet or emails
or anything like that
we will not be working on this vacation
another door out to the balcony
Cousy tub
here's the bathroom
very nice you have a stand up shower
and then you have the main bathroom
sink
and you can actually get into the
walk-in closet this way as well
plenty of space to hang every close now
we're back into the ends of the bedroom
and let's go out to the balcony
and we're still in Honolulu here so the
balcony runs the length of the
of the room
so we're planning have having some
dinner right here
it's the front of the ship
and here's the jacuzzi
go back in the room
I almost forgot we do have a guest
restroom right by the front door
see
again pride of America Norwegian cruise
lines room number 1200 six the owner's
suite